Creative time, baby. Let's fucking go did the punch because we're excited
So there are a few things to keep in mind here. This is when by the way
This is when everything we've spoken about we I showed you guys how to set up
your campaigns
How to upload ads now we're going to show what makes a good ad
There are three key metrics that make a good ad or that like measure good ads
usually are is the hook rate
Click the rate and the cost per result. I already showed you guys the cost per
result
Now let's define what a hook rate and click through it is and by the way, we
will be going through all of the Kali I ads for this
So I'm gonna be very open and transparent. We're showing you the fucking sauce.
This is tangible
This was $72,000 spent in the last seven days that you're gonna learn from if
2,300 ads running that just shows you creative is king
You need to be fucking testing more creatives the more creatives you test and
more likely you are to find winners
So
Click through it click through it is right here
Generally you want above a 1% click through it. That's usually a good sign and
click through it by the way is
The percentage of people that CD add and then click the action button
So it's either like download app or learn more install whatever the core action
is the key behavior
that is the click through it and
You'll see honestly like when I scroll through here
I don't see the clearest correlation where the top ones are very high and the
bottom ones are low
I feel like it's like you could see here. It is low
These are mostly below one at the top. It's a lot higher
then you also have like 4.82, but this ad isn't doing that well and
I say that because
One the cost per result is pretty high and two. It's not getting a lot of money
spent on it and
So none of these in isolation aren't that good to look at to be honest
The next one is cost per result. That's arguably the most important
You just want I mean yeah, it's in my opinion the most important the lower the
cost per result is the more profitable
the ad is for you or the
Yeah, the lower the lower the cost per result is the more profitable
and
Then you want to look at the hook rate the hook rate is I
Think to find yet the first three seconds
how many people last the first three seconds divided by impressions and
This is actually custom metric. So to create a custom metric you have to
customize columns
You have to
Custom create custom metric
Hook rate
Like
Three three seconds watched divided by impressions
and
What you want to do is
Actually, let's see let's see what we had before
Edit
Okay
Three second video plays divided by impressions. You just take the formula.
Hook rate
What is it three three second?
well
three second video players
divided by impressions and
You want it as a percentage
Hook rate to
boom
Now the great tool is just confirm it matches the actual hook rate. Yeah, it
does
So we created it correctly. So that's what you want to do to actually create
the hook rate
I'm just gonna delete mine. We do not need it
You do not need to
This is what I mean guys by like I didn't create this metric we hired someone
to do it Marcus
He's a killer. So
Eventually you're gonna get to a point where you don't worry about any of this
stuff
You'll just start doing things and then and then you'll hire someone if you
really don't want to over-complicate this
I would say only worry about cost per result. That's bottom line all that
matters that you have a good cost per result
but the hook rate and the
Click through it is a good way to iterate on your creatives figure out. Okay
What is working? Well, what is hooking the users in?
Generally there is a correlation here where the better the video is doing and
by the way
It's ranked from best to worst if you couldn't tell already the better the
video is doing the higher the hook rate
You could see it starts to drop as we just scroll down now. We're in the 30s
and we were in the 60s
Okay
So let's see what types of creatives are killing it for Kali I there are so
many different ways and so many different types of creatives
That you can make the whole goal is that you want to test as many as you can we
have
2373 ads running
That just shows you I don't first of all not all those are actually at are
actually active right now
But all of those were active at one point and that should show you how much
testing needs to go into this
in order to really
Find success. It's not going to take 2000 to find one successful ad
But if you want to really scale this up to spending half a million dollars a
month on paid ads like we are profitably
Then you need to be testing more creative is king the more creatives you test
the more winners you'll find
And there are so many different angles you'll just want to play around with all
kinds of different hooks
like going back to that virality module in the beginning of this distribution
course you want to use some of those you will want to
Pay use influencer videos as actually adds that's a big part of our strategy
so in the contract you want to make sure that they sign away the rights for you
to reuse it as an ad and
You'll want to just start
Testing as much as you can. Let's see if it's working well for Kali
This is our best performing ad we spent 10k in the last week
And let's see what it was he's 18 years old it uses AI to count calories based
on the food on your plate
Kali eyes an app where you can track the calories you're eating just by taking
a picture of your food
I'm just taking a picture right now of my lunch scan load and result
It's at 400 calories in this role it picked up sushi rice salmon avocado spicy
mayo sauce
Cal AI registers 90% accuracy
So that was just a cut of these 18 years old
There's a lot of social proof here because it was on CBS news and that
definitely helped and then I it was a live demonstration
There's also this factor like something you have to lean into your strengths
We paired two viral stories together one
It's it's viral that there's an app where you could take a picture of your food
and it tells you the calories
That's unprecedented now. It's something where a lot of people maybe it's a
less surprising because AI technology is getting better and better
And a lot of people have heard about Kali eye apps where you could just take a
picture of your food and get the calories
However, it was it wasn't something you would imagine like a year ago
But on top of that we paired it with my story the founder story that I'm 18
years old and I built an app that
Is making millions of dollars. That's viral that gets people watching and they
're like wow this team
He built this app and I'm gonna get it. It's a cool app. So you got to hook
them in somehow
In years old it uses AI to count calories big first thing that said it is about
me not the app
He's 18 years old
Keep that in mind
Second video this is the this is actually one of our influencers who let's see
I
For 12 short 10 minute 12 12 second video one of our influencers
I don't think we did any editing to this he posted it and it didn't go that
viral on his own account
But we're running it as an ad and getting a massive ROI on however much we paid
him for it
We're getting such a bigger term his ad it's super high converting
What we did here is one. It's a hook. It's like him working out
You must eat so strict in quotes. So the viewer knows oh does he not eat strict
?
How does he stay so lean them and then it shows you the it gets straight to the
point of what the app does
It doesn't show oh first sign up for the app type in your name on board and go
through
Take a picture it goes straight into
Picture load results for Cal AI these are the three sequential screens that
Explain what the app does in a really succinct way and shows the value
proposition
If you could figure that out for your app you'll be in a very good position for
your ad creatives
So you'll see there are a lot of news ads that were just caught up of me
I went on the news a lot and these news ads are honestly ripping they're doing
really good
Cal AI it tracks your calorie intake using artificial intelligence
It's also one of the top health and fitness apps in apples app store
It wasn't sustainable for my lifestyle to type in everything I was
By the way about this already cut off the video
I was the producer right before I went on the news segment told me my lights
had a glare
So I turned them off and I turned on these
Lights in front of me instead which I thought would look a lot better
But it just made me look scary like look at this bro. My entire room is tart
that I'm like a little
And it's one of our best performing ads, so I don't know maybe there's
something there
Eating so along with one of my co-founders
We had pot size that we could build an app where you could just take a picture
of your food
And then it will tell you the calories and macros of what you're eating the app
has grown
Extraordinarily fast in just the last 12 months
We have achieved more than six million downloads and the app is on track to
make more than 30 million dollars over the next year
Now AI it tracks
So a bunch of other news ads that I'm gonna skip they're all like the same
thing maybe just different slightly different clubs me on different channels
See this is another influencer if you want to go from looking like this
That a lot there was a calorie deficit in the best way to make sure you're in
that deficit is subtracting calories
Something like Cal AI here helps you track everything accurately by just taking
pictures of what you eat
That's what you don't got to worry about what you're eating and how much of it
If you want to go out doing really well showing it before and after showing
that's more of a
UGC type video user generated content
He himself is an influencer, but you get whether he's not that famous
So whether he has a following or not that didn't really affect the views
It's more that it was an authentic person giving their review of the app
showing how it works for them showing
He shows proof he shows how he went from very overweight to having a six back
Okay, this one was more heavily edited by our editor and let's see what happens
This is just simple and straight to the point
I'm honestly surprised that ad is doing that well. It's pretty impressive. How
well it's doing
What was it?
There's this one. Yeah, it's doing pretty good getting a lot of ad spend behind
it
So that's getting straight to the point that works
Renewes ads
Let's see this one. I'm curious don't know what it is
Okay, same guy that showed the transformation before
another transformation
Notice that it's hook and the hook is unrelated to the app and then it shows
the app
Not everything needs to be about your app. So don't get too caught up. You
could show it at the end and it could work
right now we're doing some experiments working with
Michael Chernom is pretty famous or pretty popular guy
If you're still using my fitness pal or your notes app to track your food you
're wasting your time
Cal AI is an AI powered calorie tracking app that tells you the macros in your
meals just by snapping a picture
It's really that simple guys point your phone take a photo and in seconds you
get protein carbs and fats everything you need
It's so easy. My kids have even started using it
I used to log every ingredient manually now. It's just one photo and I'm done
Look if you're trying to eat cleaner lose weight or just track smarter check
out Cal AI
There's a free trial and it's honestly a no-brainer if you're still using my
fit
so that one was definitely a little bit higher quality than most of our ads and
Looking at this right now. It looks like it's not actually profitable at the
moment this ad is early on
So we're gonna see if it becomes profitable. It's getting a lot of spend but
not profitably
We'll see if it turns around
It actually you know what there's a chance. It's profitable
Usually I say it's not profitable because the cost per result usually
profitable for us is one the cost per results like under $20
But this is over
However, Michael Chernau is an influencer that usually targets older audiences
And so because of that it's possible that this ad is
profitable and we could actually see the age demographic breakdown. I think of
his ad
Basically what I'm saying is if he's targeting an older audience. They might be
more likely to convert
They might have a higher LTV
Okay, so 35 to 44
It's 24 the average age, okay versus this ad
Which is
Mostly younger, so it is it is definitely hitting an older audience and it's
possibly profitable
So, okay, let's watch like one more
That's a Spanish ad to be honest. I don't know what it says, but it's working
for our Spanish campaign
You don't you don't need to worry about Spanish for now
I don't take out his takes too long and then shows
Problem this ad was so similar you can make this in 30 minutes or less like
probably like
minutes if you're just grinding it out
something else I want to go over is a
Static ad so this is one you just have an image and you can do something like
we tried the best calorie trackers
here's our favorite and
Then you click learn more it takes you to the app or website or whatever
So these static ads can actually work pretty well if some some company is
heavily rely on them others heavily rely on video for
else we're mostly video oriented and
Just starting statics. It looks like it's
Not it's likely not profitable right now most of our statics look like they're
not doing that good
For apps honestly videos are probably the way to go
But yeah, so we just have a lot of stuff here
Let's look at some ads of some other apps
So like I said before you could just go to the meta ad library all ads Facebook
ad library
And then you can start looking up stuff. So like Opel
Cool cool app cool ads
Some text on the screen
I've seen some really high quality of lives I wonder if I could find one
Let's see
This is one of the best ads I've seen in a while
It is made you feel very uncomfortable
And that's the whole point of this ad because if you feel uncomfortable
The jobs are high as you come on free. So you can try that for yourself
Like cattle
This is by design why do you think every single social media company created
their own vertical video black
Because it's insanely fucking addictive to call it persuasive technology
But it's enslavement four hours on your phone all of ten years of your life
gone. What are you getting returned?
It was never meant to be this way the iPhone was the bicycle of the mind men's
take us further than we've ever been before
We harnessed fire going to the moon was all done
But the nose smarter than you without a fucking I call you've even given one
chance to play this game of life
And I'm trying to trap you here
But now you're awake even choice
Stay here
Look at that fuck off your phone
So this obviously isn't the actual ad this was a tick-tock of a guy reacting to
it, but this ad
I remember seeing it
Before like it just came up naturally on my for you page and it it called my
attention
It's a very cool ad cinematic ads like that can work really well
There is a trade-off where like we I showed that ad where someone just took a
picture of an apple one of our best performing ads
Ever and that took 30 minutes or less whereas this probably took hours
Tens of hours maybe even a hundred hours
And you don't know if it's gonna be profitable at the end of the day
You could spend we actually spent like 20k on an ad and it just wasn't wasn't
profitable
We tried to do a really high quality one just was not profitable
To be fair actually that ad we did it was a TV ad so it was very different than
what we're going through right now
We were just dabbling in TV
Not something you guys need to worry about right now
You'll get there soon enough if you really have what it takes you'll see
Our entrepreneurs born or can they be created? I don't know
I was actually thinking about this recently and I think I've came to an answer
I think that it's a lot of nature versus nurture where I think most of being an
entrepreneur is nurture
It's like risk tolerance a bunch of other things that all are affected when you
're young for example risk tolerance
If you are rewarded for taking risks when you're younger versus if you are
It's opposite of a word like
Opposite word punished I guess
Anton
I
Okay, maybe there isn't a good one but punished as a kid
Entrepreneurs natural like everyone knows they have a high risk tolerance. They
take a lot of risks most of them do at least and
That's something that if you're younger you develop a low risk tolerance
I think you could break that habit when you're older. It's just difficult to
The longer you go before starting your entrepreneurial your entrepreneurial
journey the harder
I think it will be to get in the right mindset because there are some traits
that are very necessary
I'd say the main ones are grit. It's just being willing to fail over and over
and over again as you're watching this just
Don't think you're gonna watch this and even though we've done this so many
times we're giving you were spoon-feeding you the secrets
Don't think you're gonna get it on your first time
You're probably going to fail for your first couple of apps until one finally
takes off and when that one takes off
It's gonna blow up past any of your expectations if you stay in it
I honestly was thinking about this the other day
I used to say when I was a like I mean I was good bad to say when I was a kid
But I guess a lot of people look at me as a kid now, but I'm 18. I'm not a kid,
but
but I
Used to think I'm gonna be an entrepreneur or die trying I don't want to work a
nine to five
And I thought about this. Yes, or I was like that's kind of retarded like I
think genuine genuinely
Anyone can find success as an entrepreneur. It's just a matter of trying enough
things like you will it's almost
Impossible not to if you just don't give up because there's so much money to be
made so many industries that are untapped
People are making money off the dumbest things. I know people who are making
six figures a year
That literally just book restaurant seats in advance and then sell them as it
gets closer to the day
There is so much money to be made in the world people just don't realize that
Back to the point of this yeah, so go through the ad library search up your
favorite apps
Let's see if we get some any other cool ones
Dumb and best is actually a really cool platform there on some nice news ads
Would you sell your ownership in this particular app for a hundred million
dollars you personally not definitely not?
A billion definitely not
So you want to refuse to walk away from this no matter
I want to run this for the rest of my life
And I think the mission that we're trying to bring is we're rewriting the
investing playbook
50 cent Americans are not participating in the greatest wealth creation engine
of our time to stop working capitalism
And we want to change the demand is been
I
Love him. We've been out to dinner a bunch of times a great guy that is
definitely cap
He would sell shares her billion dollars if he if he won't then it's very
commendable
Maybe he cares about his company more than I think
But you know you got to say some extreme stuff for good ad creatives. He
actually told me it's funny
He goes on when he goes on ads when he when he goes on
TV live TV
He'll have a few lines ready that they know will work well for the paid ad and
then they'll clip up these specific parts
So that's what I started doing too when I go on these TV ads
I'll try some things something I actually did the last time I went on TV
I don't know if we tried it as an ad yet, but I worked two watches one on each
wrist
Hoping that it's going to rage bait people in the comments to write like why
the foxy wearing two watches that
founder will lose her blah blah blah
Because engagement on paid ads actually helps you get more and more reach just
like on an organic post it will lower the cost per
Person that sees it generate generally if you get good engagement
Okay
So feel free to just go around look through this like goes through creatives
pretty well I
Hope you have some good takeaways. I got a relaxed now. I'm tired to do a lot
of recording today
Hey, you guys got this you don't need me fucking just lock in
Listen to some music spend like I know a lot of people that will spend
One day a week and that whole day is just dedicated to making ad creatives
We'll upload them they'll let them run for a week
And they'll have a new batch already like the next day of the week to put in
the one filming day
And then one uploading day they'll upload like 50 creatives every single week
You don't need to do that at this scale
But like when you start scaling up 50 creatives a week is an ambitious goal. It
's a good place to be
That's when you'll start making millions of dollars a month
cool I
Think that's actually everything for the traditional pick. It's not everything.
Okay. I'll see you guys in the next module
*Click on the bell*